[MicrosoftCloudAppSecurity] Fix the fetch in XSOAR 8 (#33588)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftCloudAppSecurity/ReleaseNotes/2_1_58.md

#### Integrations

##### Microsoft Defender for Cloud Apps

<~XSOAR_SAAS>

> - Fixed an issue in **Fetch Incidents** when the *Incident severity* or *Incident resolution status* parameters was not provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with **Fetch Incidents** that caused an error when empty values were used in the *Incident severity* or *Incident resolution status* parameters.
```
